---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Overview

## Introduction and warnings

The recommended way to change the appearance of your elements is to use one of the provided jQuery UI themes as described in "Changing The Theme", or to [roll your own jQuery UI theme](./rolling-your-own-theme.md). But if you do wish to change the styles of your elements manually using CSS then this section will help you get started.

:::danger

Any changes you make using CSS are solely your responsibility. No support is offered.

:::

:::warning

Editing your site's CSS should not be attempted unless you have a solid understanding of the principles of HTML and CSS, and how to safely add your CSS to WordPress.

:::

:::info

You can find all the custom CSS used by the plugin in the file `<plugin directory>/css/squelch-tabs-and-accordions.css` and it is recommended that you look in that file if you're looking for a reference of the most up-to-date styles. **Do not edit this file directly**, put your styles in a child theme or custom CSS plugin. If you don't understand what is meant by that last sentence then you are in the wrong section of this documentation, in which case please see "[Changing the theme](../../getting-started/changing-themes.md)".

:::

## Overriding CSS selectors

Generally, when overriding the styles that are used by the plugin, you should be able to borrow any style directly from the CSS file and then prefix the selector with `.squelch-taas-override`.

If you wanted to override the selector `.squelch-taas-toggle .ui-accordion-header-active`, for example, you would prefix it with `.squelch-taas-override` to give `.squelch-taas-override.squelch-taas-toggle .ui-accordion-header-active` (**note:** No space between the override and the next rule).

### Example

Original style from the CSS:

```
.squelch-taas-toggle .ui-accordion-header-active,
.squelch-taas-accordion .ui-accordion-header-active {
    border-bottom: 0;
}
```

Overridden CSS used in a child theme:

```
.squelch-taas-override.squelch-taas-toggle .ui-accordion-header-active,
.squelch-taas-override.squelch-taas-accordion .ui-accordion-header-active {
    border-bottom: 0;
}
```

:::tip

The `.squelch-taas-override` class is applied to the top-most HTML element used in creating the tab, accordion, horizontal accordion, or toggle, and so there is no space between `.squelch-taas-override` and `.squelch-taas-toggle`.

:::

## Numbering of panels

Each panel of each tab, accordion, horizontal accordion and toggle is numbered so that you can easily target a specific panel on the page. Say that you want to target the content of the first accordion panel only, you can use `.squelch-taas-accordion-shortcode-content-0` to style it. As always your browser's developer tools is your friend here.

